Thank you everyone crowded the town fish Bridge
Let's check together about the update information announced earlier
One way like this You can produce with Dar Quarker
In short can be produced in the dark spell factory
A spell called Ark Eik will be added and the second one is Elixir Tank
Safe queer tanker tank will not receive the effects of spells eg light
In the ring, for example , attacking the floor Darqueursor tank and pulling out the shrimp to hold it.
I can't do it , I think it 's big, or it's an earth quake
Is it
In that it does not Mai to-class to the suburbs and Elixir tank dark elixir tank
Will be and the third one
Yesterday I can hide the inappropriate expression of clan chat
You can turn on the filter in a nutshell in such global chat
It is a word
If you say it, you'll become a musician, or you can turn it on for a clan chat too
It means that the button is implemented
By turning on the place that is in this way it is to it now off
It means that you can make it
Yes yes squeak air squeak spells and light distribution myself this way
Facility
If you Win to float Ya You're Rick Come on tank and safe, which had dark elixir
In this way, the barrier can be stretched and turned around
However It is Ubuya of light ground QUAKE
As you can see if you see Mr. a land, it is Eddie Kusana pump
The attack is hit, so it isn't a tank for the last percent earning
8% and attack the pump there that the cassette degree can also be tentatively Well
I will
There is a spell called Arkkeike in a facility. A certain par line is constant. A great spot is a great couple.
It's giving damage a certain percentage this way rather than
So surely cost is better to sell turn-hole than the hit in this way to the hut of the carpenter
It means good performance
It is practical
Yes I've made you wait, so I hope to actually use Earth Quake
Come directly below
High barrier is to run a percent think it is still and it can be seen that is stretched
In giant crossbow, such as Directions Hirakishitsu of this way Inferno Tower and the Town Hall
You can use the cars way
There Why me likely
Do you call it Oiwai ? It is a watch that you use often
Let's eat 8 poison children also seems to love mission in club
You have a soldier or get wet
It is comfortable
It's said that this pump enters my child
Hey whether the place out Tare chroma key Mashi you were home
I know already installed cover invisible
It looks like this is like a
I booboo but
pou dou dou
Event practice that thinks that we are raising at all
It is an introduction of the march long boots massaging going to stop
Wows there is no electricity or is it used as if it's a wall without such a dark face
To the main in the district since the additional set each song today say
How to lay with I was only taking Katsutai
I wrote and should do well in the basic Hey this really really well this time by say together forever
Update upper hair
Yes spectacular in Obituaries when the order was with
Thank you for your viewing in is also possible to say but was there waving Well Light